<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/layouts/anonymous.xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
    xmlns:u="http://code.google.com/p/ada-asf/util" xmlns:awa="http://code.google.com/p/ada-awa/jsf"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <ui:param name="title" value="Privacy" />
    <ui:param name="pageStyle" value="page-privacy" />

    <ui:define name="pageHeader">
      <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/meta-page.xhtml">
          <ui:param name="pageAuthor" value="Twinlife"/>
          <ui:param name="pageDate" value="#{wikiPrivacy.date}"/>
          <ui:param name="pageUrl" value="#{initParam['app_url_base']}/privacy.html"/>
          <ui:param name="pageDescription" value="Learn about Twinlife's privacy-by-design approach for twinme, twinme+, and Skred. No personal data required, no centralized storage, and peer-to-peer communication ensure your conversations stay private and under your control."/>
      </ui:include>
    </ui:define>

    <!-- Main page body -->
    <ui:define name="pageBody">
        <f:metadata>
            <f:viewAction action="#{wikiPrivacy.load}" />
        </f:metadata>
        <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/applications.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="title" value="Privacy of our applications"/>
        </ui:include>
        <div class='col-sm-12'>
            <div class="tw-quote">
                <blockquote cite="https://pierrebellanger.com/skred-pierre_bellanger/">
Mainstream messengers don't allow truly private conversations—the precondition for free speech. Skred, with its peer-to-peer architecture—no central server ever stores or routes your messages—and its popular success, is the choice of freedom. Around the world, users are realizing that leaky messengers are a risk they can't afford to take. With 21 million accounts and a new one every 15 seconds, Skred is the world's most widely used peer-to-peer messenger.
                </blockquote>
                <div class="tw-quote-author">Pierre Bellanger</div>
            </div>
            <section>
                <h2>Privacy by Design</h2>
<div class="wiki-text">
    To use our applications, no email and no phone number are required.
    Our twincode architecture allows to create secure relations without knowing
    the personal information which are behind such relations.
    When the application is installed on a device, a unique and secure
    account is created for that device.  Profile, contact and group
    relations are then represented by twincodes which are
    16-byte random numbers.  Twincodes are then completed by a nickname
    and an avatar that are defined only to help end users identify their relations.
</div>
            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>No centralized data storage</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">
                    <p>
Messages, audio calls, and video calls are exchanged through direct peer-to-peer communication.
This means there is no central server storing your messages—your conversations remain private and under your control.
                    </p>
<p>
To ensure seamless communication, both devices need to be online and connected.
If one device is offline or unreachable, messages may be temporarily delayed until the connection is reestablished.
</p>
                </div>
            </section>

        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>
