<ui:composition template="/WEB-INF/layouts/anonymous.xhtml" xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
    xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core" xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jstl/core"
    xmlns:u="http://code.google.com/p/ada-asf/util" xmlns:awa="http://code.google.com/p/ada-awa/jsf"
    xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">
    <ui:param name="title" value="Security" />
    <ui:param name="pageStyle" value="page-security" />

    <!-- Main page body -->
    <ui:define name="pageBody">
        <f:metadata>
            <f:viewAction action="#{wikiPrivacy.load}" />
        </f:metadata>
        <ui:include src="/WEB-INF/applications.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="title" value="Security of our applications"/>
        </ui:include>
        <div class='col-sm-12'>

            <section>
                <h2>End-to-End Encryption </h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">

                    Overview of how all communications (messages, calls) are encrypted.
                    Use of WebRTC, SRTP, and DTLS for real-time media.
                    Emphasis on no server access to content.
                </div>
            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>Twincodes: Secure Relationships</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">

                    How twincodes establish and authenticate relationships.
                    ECDSA signatures for data integrity and origin authentication.
                    Protection against server compromise or forgery.

                    SDP encrypted and signaling server cannot inspect WebRTC signaling.
                </div>
            </section>


            <section>
                <h2>Compliance with Standards</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">

                    IETF standards: UDP, RTP, ICE, STUN, TURN, SDP, SRTP, DTLS.
                    Use of ChaCha20-Poly1305 and AES-GCM cipher suites.
                    Interoperability with WebRTC ecosystem.
                </div>
            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>Secure Account Creation</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">
                    No personal information required (no phone/email).
                    UUID-based accounts and cryptographically secure authentication.
                    Salted challenge-response mechanism for passwords.
                </div>
            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>Device Security</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">
                    Secure key/value store for credentials (iOS Keychain, Android Keystore).
                    Encrypted local database (SQLCipher with AES-256).
                    Protection against physical device access.
                </div>

            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>Server and Transport Security</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">

                    TLS 1.2/1.3 for all device-server communications.
                    Certificate pinning to prevent MITM attacks.
                    Secure WebSocket access and firewall-protected servers.
                </div>

            </section>

            <section>
                <h2>Push Notification Security</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">


                    Encrypted push tokens to prevent spoofing.
                    Use of Apple/Google Push services with AES-256-CBC encryption.
                    Authentication of notification content.
                </div>
            </section>


            <section>

                <h2>Implementation</h2>
                <div class="wiki-text">

                <h3>Secure Storage and Serialization</h3>
                    SQLCipher for encrypted local databases.
                    Avro for secure serialization of compound objects.
                    Platform-specific secure storage (iOS Keychain, Android Keystore).

                    <h3>Cryptographic Foundations</h3>

                    ECDSA for signatures and key exchange.
                    AEAD (AES-256-GCM) for authenticated encryption.
                    PBKDF2 and HMAC for key derivation and integrity.
                </div>
            </section>


        </div>
    </ui:define>
</ui:composition>